# RealtorWebsite

My mother is a realtor and made a website using GoDaddy's website builder service. She uses the website to market herself and list the houses she currently has up for sale. She has often complained to me how difficult the website builder is to use and how expensive it is. Her biggest frustration with the service is adding and removing homes from the website. Because of this problem with GoDaddy, the website is often outdated, defeating the purpose of showing her current listings. I thought it would be a good exercise to rebuild her website from scratch. I could copy the design of her current website, make a simple way to add or remove listings, and save her the money she spends on the website builder subscription. I built the website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

The biggest change I had to make to the website was how to add or remove listings. Before she had to go onto the GoDaddy website builder and change the website there. I thought it would be better to do it all through a simple form. I made a HTML form with a name, price and description text box. Below that was a place to add images, a submit button, and a list of all the houses currently on the listings page. Next to each house was a delete button that removed the listing from the website. Clicking submit saves the information to a database on the cloud. I used the firebase firstore for the database. While uploading the text information was easy, the images were more complicated. However, I figured out that when the user clicks submit, the images can be privately uploaded to my imgur account. I then added private links to the images to the database with the other text information. On the listings page, it pulls all entries from the firebase database and creates a card showcasing the information for each one.

In the code for the website provided, I have censored elements I thought could compromise security. I also did not want a user that is not my Mother to be able to access the add listing form. Access could allow a user to upload any text, any image, or they could delete the current listings. I made the add listings form a subdomain of the website so it was under a different name and access was obscured. 

Below I have added a link if you would like to see for yourself. 

https://traceygoebelrealtor.com
